got fish no mine ran towards me I had a
really ketchup
you get Wally's over here - yeah I set
the hook I felt the fish and also let
him go he's gotta go on a horse so you
guys got metal eaters don't you wait for
you're lying - not here but in place
it's keeper try to get you owned up
before it freezes who knows how it was
so much for trying to wind it up and be
careful
doll you fucker Scott skyline small here
Scott get in here get another one
getting close huh well they're the day
it's not a total loss we got two flags
already so this can't be the worst spot
ever good hey babies think Cody is here
you're gonna eat me I'll tell you at
home you get to practice on the keepers
yeah you could practice on bigger fish
and all of a sudden you get a bigger one
well I was fighting good at the end this
hell I know there wasn't spitting we got
up here I don't how long it was up but
there was a lot of line off can you get
it it's easier going through the kills
sometimes you're that part yeah oh
there's no hook great here
well do you want me to get it or not
yeah tell if you want this one my switch
over either my best ones either my big
ones are in the bolt oh really oh my oh
my monkey stuff hey close it yeah but
you could just see gonna grab your line
and lift up this door okay just for posh
your hands like see which way down whoo
that's just your planet there you go are
we stuck again yep are you gonna kill
falling through the L alright you good
I'm gonna run nice fat fish how long was
it it's gotta be like 28 or saw me in it
you got tape measure
okay well I'm gonna miss everything if I
don't get my fat ass over there with a
camera phone already
what was that you gotta be careful with
the mono I got my own too
you